Introduce AWS CloudFormation template (#240)
1Password/scim-examples: beta/aws-ecsfargate-cfn/README.md

- 2 security groups to restrict traffic to and from the ALB and the ECS cluster, respectively
- an AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) TLS certificate for the ALB
- 2 Route 53 DNS `A` records:
  - for the domain name of your SCIM bridge (e.g. `scim.example.com`)
  - to validate the requested ACM certificate
- an AWS Secrets Manager secret to store the `scimsession` credentials for your SCIM bridge
- a CloudWatch log group to capture logs in streams from each of the SCIM bridge and Redis containers
- required IAM roles

This template is a working example to be used as a base for your SCIM bridge deployment and may need to be customized to meet your specific requirements.

## Prerequisites

- A 1Password account with an active 1Password Business subscription or trial
  > **Note**
  >
  > 👀 Try 1Password Business **free** for 14 days: <https://start.1password.com/sign-up/business>
- An AWS account with the permissions and available quota to create and manage the described resources
- [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html) (if you want to manage the deployment using a terminal or script).

## Getting started

> Before deploying 1Password SCIM bridge, consult the [Preparation Guide](/PREPARATION.md) in this repository. Since this CloudFormation template will create all necessary resources, you do not need to seperately create a DNS record for your SCIM bridge, nor use its certificate manager component to create and manage a TLS certificate.

Reviewer: 1Password SCIM Bridge

Author: The `b` is supposed to be lower case in this product name (or at least *was*).

1. Clone this repository and switch to this directory:

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/1Password/scim-examples.git
   cd ./scim-examples/beta/aws-ecsfargate-cfn
   ```

   or, download the template file [`op-scim-bridge.yaml`](./op-scim-bridge.yaml) to a working directory on your computer.
2. Follow the steps in [Automate provisioning in 1Password Business using SCIM](https://support.1password.com/scim/#step-1-set-up-and-deploy-1password-scim-bridge) to generate credentials for your SCIM bridge.

> 3. Save the `scimession` credentials file and the associated bearer token as items in your 1Password account.

Reviewer: `scimsession`, not `scimession`

Author: Good catch, thanks!

3. Leave the default value for the VPC CIDR range (`VPCCIDR`). If you require something different for your environment, you can uncomment this line and replace the CIDR range with your own value.
4. Replace `Z2ABCDEF123456` above with the ID of the Route 53 hosted zone in which to create DNS records.
5. Replace `scim.example.com` with a domain name for your SCIM bridge that is in the domain of this hosted zone.
6. Ensure your `scimsession` file is located in the working directory, or replace the path specified in the subshell command (for example, `scimsession=$(cat path/to/scimsession.filename)`).
   > **Note**
   >
   > 💻 If you saved your `scimsession` file as an item in your 1Password account, you can [use 1Password CLI to pass this value](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/secrets-scripts#option-2-use-op-read-to-read-secrets) (for example, `scimsession=$(op read "op://Private/scimsession file/scimsession")`)
7. Optionally, uncomment the appropriate lines and add tags as key-value pairs to apply to all supported resources in the stack.

> You should see:

Reviewer 2: Taking Jacob's suggestions and altering 

```suggestion
After you run the command, you should see:
```

Author: 👩‍🍳💋

## Getting started

Before deploying 1Password SCIM Bridge, consult the [Preparation Guide](/PREPARATION.md) in this repository. Since this CloudFormation template will create all necessary resources, you do not need to seperately create a DNS record for your SCIM bridge, nor use its certificate manager component to create and manage a TLS certificate.

1. Clone this repository and switch to this directory:

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/1Password/scim-examples.git
   cd ./scim-examples/beta/aws-ecsfargate-cfn
   ```

   or, download the template file [`op-scim-bridge.yaml`](./op-scim-bridge.yaml) to a working directory on your computer.
2. Follow the steps in [Automate provisioning in 1Password Business using SCIM](https://support.1password.com/scim/#step-1-set-up-and-deploy-1password-scim-bridge) to generate credentials for your SCIM bridge.
3. Save the `scimsession` credentials file and the associated bearer token as items in your 1Password account.
4. Download the `scimsession` file to the same working directory.

## 🏗️ Deploy 1Password SCIM Bridge

> Use the AWS CloudFormation console to [create a stack](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/cfn-console-create-stack.html) or deploy 1Password SCIM Bridge [using AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/cfn-using-cli.html):

Reviewer 3: I expected these links to link to the sections below, rather than to AWS' docs. Would it be worth making the H3 subsections here collapsable so the reader can quickly choose their method?

Author: Good call. I'm trying to be thorough and link back to the reference documentation but that also makes sense to me.

```suggestion
Create a stack for your SCIM bridge [in the AWS CloudFormation console](#-use-the-aws-cloudformation-console) or [using AWS CLI](#-use-aws-cli):
```

I'm more iffy about them being collapsible. I don't like hiding all the instructions away by default. 🤔

### 🖼 Use the AWS CloudFormation console

For a GUI deployment, you can create a stack in the CloudFormation console:

1. [Create a new stack](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/stacks/create) in the CloudFormation console.
2. In the "Specify template" section, choose "Upload a template file".
3. Click Choose File.
4. Upload the `op-scim-bridge.yaml` file from the working directory on your computer.
5. Click Next.

> 6. Type a name for the stack in the "Stack name" field.

Author: I've tried to emulate in my last commit, but we can absolutely tweak this some more in a future update.

   > **Note**
   >
   > 📄 We use `op-scim-bridge` as a shorthand for 1Password SCIM Bridge throughout our examples and supporting documentation, but the choice is arbitrary. CloudFormation will use the stack name (or a truncated version where needed) as a prefix when naming the created AWS resources.
7. Leave the default value already supplied for "VPC CIDR range" unless you require something different for your environment.
8. Select the Route 53 hosted zone in which to create DNS records.
9. Replace `scim.example.com` with a domain name for your SCIM bridge that is in the domain of this hosted zone.
10. Open the `scimsession` file in a text editor. Select all text in the file and copy it to your clipboard.

> 11. Paste the contents into the `scimession` field (it will be masked on input). Click Next.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
11. Paste the contents into the `scimession` field (it will be masked on input), then click Next.
```

> 12. Optionally, click "Add new tag" to add tags to all supported resources in the stack. Click Next.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
12. Optionally, click "Add new tag" to add tags to all supported resources in the stack, then click Next.
```

> 13. Review the stack configuration. Under Capabilities, check "I acknowledge that AWS CloudFormation might create IAM resource.". Click Submit.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
13. Review the stack configuration. When you're finished click "I acknowledge that AWS CloudFormation might create IAM resource." below Capabilities, then click Submit.
```

> The console will display the stack status as `ℹ️ CREATE_IN_PROGRESS` during the deployment. The stack is expected to take several minutes to create (generally >5 minutes in testing at the time of the last review). After the stack is created, the status will change to `✅ CREATE_COMPLETE`.

Reviewer 3: For readability, symbols for less or more of a number aren't ideal imo.

```suggestion
The console will display the stack status as `ℹ️ CREATE_IN_PROGRESS` during the deployment. The stack is expected to take several minutes to create (generally a bit more than 5 minutes when this document was written). After the stack is created, the status will change to `✅ CREATE_COMPLETE`.
```

### 💻 Use AWS CLI

You can alternatively deploy 1Password SCIM Bridge with a single AWS CLI command.

*Example command:*

```sh
aws cloudformation deploy \
    --template-file ./op-scim-bridge.yaml \
    --stack-name op-scim-bridge \
    --capabilities CAPABILITY_IAM \
    --parameter-overrides \
        Route53HostedZoneID=Z2ABCDEF123456 \
        DomainName=scim.example.com \
        scimsession=$(cat ./scimsession) \
        # VPCCIDR=10.0.0.0/16 \
    # --tags \
    #     Key1=Value1 \
    #     Key2=Value2
```

> 1. If the template file was saved with a different file name or somewhere other than the working directory, replace `./op-scim-bridge.yaml` with the actual path (for example, `--template-file path/to/template.file`).

Reviewer 3: The steps here make it seem like they should use the example as a template. So we could lead in with that:

```suggestion
Edit the example above with the following:

1. If the template file was saved with a different file name or somewhere other than the working directory, replace `./op-scim-bridge.yaml` with the actual path (for example, `--template-file path/to/template.file`).
```

2. If desired, set your own value for the `--stack-name` flag in the above command to choose your own name (for example, `--stack-name your-stack-name`).
   > **Note**
   >
   > 📄 We use `op-scim-bridge` as a shorthand for 1Password SCIM Bridge throughout our examples and supporting documentation, but the choice is arbitrary. CloudFormation will use the stack name (or a truncated version where needed) as a prefix when naming the created AWS resources.
3. Leave the default value for the VPC CIDR range (`VPCCIDR`). If you require something different for your environment, you can uncomment this line and replace the CIDR range with your own value.

> 4. Replace `Z2ABCDEF123456` above with the ID of the Route 53 hosted zone in which to create DNS records.

Reviewer 3: If you go with my suggestion above, you can remove a word here:

```suggestion
4. Replace `Z2ABCDEF123456` with the ID of the Route 53 hosted zone in which to create DNS records.
```

5. Replace `scim.example.com` with a domain name for your SCIM bridge that is in the domain of this hosted zone.
6. Ensure your `scimsession` file is located in the working directory, or replace the path specified in the subshell command (for example, `scimsession=$(cat path/to/scimsession.filename)`).
   > **Note**
   >
   > 💻 If you saved your `scimsession` file as an item in your 1Password account, you can [use 1Password CLI to pass this value](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/secrets-scripts#option-2-use-op-read-to-read-secrets) (for example, `scimsession=$(op read "op://Private/scimsession file/scimsession")`)
7. Optionally, uncomment the appropriate lines and add tags as key-value pairs to apply to all supported resources in the stack.

> You should see:

Reviewer 3: This is after the script is run, right? We should say that 😉

```suggestion
When you run the script, it should return:
```

or

```suggestion
After you run the script, you should see:
```

> ```sh
> Waiting for changeset to be created..
> Waiting for stack create/update to complete
> ```

More detailed information is available in the CloudFormation console. A success message will be returned when the stack is created, for example:

> ```sh
> Successfully created/updated stack - op-scim-bridge
> ```

## Test your SCIM bridge

> A clickable link of the URL for your SCIM bridge is available in the Outputs tab of the CloudFormation console (for example, <https://scim.example.com/>). You can sign in to this URL with the bearer token for your SCIM bridge to test, view status information, or retrieve logs. You can also send an authenticated SCIM API request to your SCIM bridge from the command line.

Reviewer 3: Any reason why `<>` are wrapping the URL here? I don't think it's necessary for readability personally, and I'd even do a inline code highlight if anything:

```suggestion
A clickable link of the URL for your SCIM bridge is available in the Outputs tab of the CloudFormation console (for example, `https://scim.example.com/`). You can sign in to this URL with the bearer token for your SCIM bridge to test, view status information, or retrieve logs. You can also send an authenticated SCIM API request to your SCIM bridge from the command line.
```

>           "type": "",
>           "value": "eggs.ample@example.com"
>         }
>       ],
>       "externalId": "",
>       "groups": [
>         {
>           "value": "f7eqriu7ht27mq5zmm63gf2dhq",
>           "ref": "https://scim.example.com/Groups/f7eqriu7ht27mq5zmm63gf2dhq"
>         }
>       ],
>       "id": "FECPUMYBHZB2PB6K4WKM4Q2HAU",
>       "meta": {
>         "created": "",
>         "lastModified": "",
>         "location": "",
>         "resourceType": "User",
>         "version": ""
>       },
>       "name": {
>         "familyName": "Ample",
>         "formatted": "Eggs Ample",
>         "givenName": "Eggs",
>         "honorificPrefix": "",
>         "honorificSuffix": "",
>         "middleName": ""
>       },
>       "schemas": [
>         "urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:core:2.0:User"
>       ],
>       "userName": "eggs.ample@example.com"
>     },
>     ...
>   ]
> }
> ```

</details>

## Connect your identity provider

Use your SCIM bridge URL and bearer token to [connect your identity provider to 1Password SCIM Bridge](https://support.1password.com/scim/#step-3-connect-your-identity-provider).

## Appendix

### Update 1Password SCIM Bridge

> To update to a new version of SCIM bridge, update your stack with a new value for the `SCIMBridgeVersion` parameter to update your SCIM bridge to the latest version. You can [use the AWS console](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks.html) or AWS CLI. Use the latest template from this repository ([`op-scim-bridge.yaml`](./op-scim-bridge.yaml)) and update the value of the "1Password SCIM Bridge version" parameter (`SCIMBridgeVersion`). Use the existing values for everything else.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To update to the latest version of 1Password SCIM Bridge, update your stack with a new value for the `SCIMBridgeVersion` parameter. You can [use the AWS console](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks.html) or AWS CLI. Use the latest template from this repository ([`op-scim-bridge.yaml`](./op-scim-bridge.yaml)) and update the value of the "1Password SCIM Bridge version" parameter (`SCIMBridgeVersion`). Use the existing values for everything else.
```
